Docs: add nginx with Anubis in the middle configuration example (#282)
TecharoHQ/anubis: docs/docs/admin/installation.mdx

              # diff-add
              name: anubis
```

## Nginx

The below is a very minimal Nginx config example to demonstrate how to
insert Anubis in the middle of a standard nginx configuration.
Do not forget to add `access_log`, `server_tokens`, etc. as usual.
Also one does have to correct the paths, eg for SSL keys/certs.

First we define `conf-anubis.inc` where we include standard Anubis configuration:
```

> # Serve Anubis images directly instead of having it pass through to the service

Reviewer: That is an absolute micro optimisation which is not worth it, since right now anibus proxies all actual content anyway and the assets are tiny.

# Place `happy.webp`, `pensive.webp` and `reject.webp` in the directory.
location /.within.website/x/cmd/anubis/static/img/
{
        alias /www/anubis/www/img/;
}

> 

Reviewer 2: Maybe this snippet needs to go on another page in the admin docs. Eventually I want to make the images directly configurable in Anubis itself, but the branding being difficult to change is a feature right now as a way to incentivize the project being financially sustainable.

# Forward to anubis

> location /
> {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
location / {
```

        proxy_set_header Host $host;
        proxy_set_header X-Real-IP $remote_addr;
        proxy_pass http://anubis;
}
```

Then we define a Anubis backend as `server-anubis.conf`, which should

> be loaded from /etc/nginx/nginx.conf with a `include server-*.conf`.

Reviewer: For docs, it is way easier to just inline things.

```
upstream anubis
{
        # Try anubis first over a UNIX socket
        server unix:/run/anubis/nginx.sock;
	# Use the HTTP variant if you have the BIND on TCP:

> 	# server http://127.0.0.1:8923;

Reviewer: This absolute needs to match what the user is running and cannot try as that would occasionally return a 500, increase load times or worst fallback to the backup upstream all the time.

>         server unix:/run/anubis/nginx.sock;
> 	# Use the HTTP variant if you have the BIND on TCP:
> 	# server http://127.0.0.1:8923;
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        server unix:/run/anubis/nginx.sock;
        # Use the HTTP variant if you have the BIND on TCP:
        # server http://127.0.0.1:8923;

```
you are mixing tabs and spaces

        # Fall back to avoid anubis when it is unavailable
        # Especially useful when the socket is down
        # as the service did not start or has other issues

>         server unix:/run/nginx.sock backup;

Reviewer: If the socket is down then anubis is not working, maybe it crashed, but that is not a useful default configuration as a normal administrator would not notice it in time, even when visiting the size because they likely already had the cookie cached and the site would exposed to bots.

}
```

In your normal server definition construct it like, per vhost eg

> for `server-example.com.conf` we could have:

Reviewer: FYI: only Debian has that structure. Most other deployment methods have by default one big file.

Reviewer 2: I added an admonition about this assumption. The docker nginx deployment does this too fwiw.

```

> # HTTP - Redirect all HTTP to HTTPS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# HTTP - Redirect all HTTP traffic to HTTPS
```

server {
	listen 80;
	listen [::]:80;

	server_name example.com www.example.com;

	location / {
		return 301 https://$host$request_uri;
	}
}

> # HTTPS - Anubis listener (port 443)
> server {
> 	# Listen on 443 with SSL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
server {
```

	listen 443 ssl http2;
	listen [::]:443 ssl http2;

	# Include the above Anubis configuration to proxy requests to Anubis

> 	include "conf-anubis.inc";

Reviewer: I would just inline this

Reviewer 2: I pushed a fix that does both inlining it and telling the user they can make an includable snippet

	server_name example.com www.example.com;

> 	root "/www/example.com/www/";

Reviewer: Is this not exposing the files without anubis noticing?

	ssl_certificate		example.com.crt;
	ssl_certificate_key	example.com.key;
}

# HTTPS - real site (unix socket)
# This is where the requests passing validly through Anubis end up

> # Previously instead of the unix listener one would have the 443 listen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Previously instead of the unix listener one listened on port 443
```

server {

> 	listen unix:/run/nginx.sock;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	listen unix:/run/nginx/nginx.sock;
```

	server_name example.com www.example.com;

> 	root "/www/example.com/www/";
> 	index index.html;
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

	# Your normal configuration can go here

> 	# location .php { fastcgi...} etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	root "/www/example.com/www/";
	index index.html;
```
